so fish team is your squad alpha
you speak and you write everything down, I get it
squad alpha comes confirm you
I need an engineer and even a why why
you 2 diner fuck you need sense
example where platitsa
Today I drove to the guard all the times
realty where you came not Che helicopter
with me so exactly where commands
to you run and then I'm behind you so
sieve stay there damn come me
land on the primate killed go ass
I see the purpose of the flash logical captain
captain i missed reload ok
he released flash again ok
capital again shoot so where are these
bastards show me help does not know this
our base of wing chips
I urgently need to repair
all come on make me fast i do
wasser it sounded a bit all good
oh yeah relax and i go come on let me
understood cookies all downloads
I made all too quickly it all
did you cut it out like they taught me
hay marina
so you now i'm calm the enemy is with us
Enemies can be any giants
yes yes yes there can be a game on us come back
or centaurs bummed oh my gosh
boom broke tank sit oh no oh my God
our emotion see how the fighter shot down
how do you sir bad news is our
fighter
oh no oh god it's bad emotions like sumer
when something is played here by this God that it
we can and low how everything is alright do not be afraid
trust your son lead scare
when such
you shoot enemies no matter who is in us
shoots a homing rocket from scratch
almost catch the cheese we are not a machine to
to compensate
yes I killed and come back please still
I missed it there once 1
now yes yes there I see the target where shoot
I see
bastard maza was once you fly
and I'll see you easily come on now I
your
order with sit down like a helicopter
as far as power was given fly sir so
exactly sense you burn so sure yes
I order my leg and I drive the magnitude
have see the plane ahead of where to go in
sense sir no we shouldn't fly him
and you were heard
but communication your opinion was somehow appreciated
me as really important for the serv
all the gifts were again in a flash
flash faster
I do not see the helicopter there is no button x target
fly already there what is he swinging
crazy is the wind sir i suggest you
fly to c & c captured by us it makes no sense
ordinary all actually
h . what that is but ok dc see
csr you just sample aerobatics
thank you let's go next time you fly
here it is your shoot shoot it your
very stupid from
so that he knows to whom they obey for sure
submits on because we are higher powers
we are on top and of course we are what we
do not hold private helm and silent
Please your hands well, here it is a
horseradish do not know sir, we may have brought
to be at 110 was normal
we poured strippers turned over on
gas is normal this tactical move and
now by slave plane right away
let's sit down so I see the land sir moving away from
Matthew Kichuk days and here he is
while two rebecca see two chain 1
ready sir 2 finished I did
perfectly shoot sir your circle fucking
this is you of course this is me perdak who burns
so maybe
I wondered what you state a rocket at us
my anti-aircraft guns shoot all right not
quite sir yes what does engine mean
burning it means that we will soon pussy
I am ready to let the private quickly I fixed and
very inter i fix it was great
wild boar another bastard te showed such
pirouet sir don't like cheese please
to repeat
sir yes
fucking hard
thanks sir order I get nominated
I see the machine tool engineer to wipe the rods
what the fuck are we doing here so whose children
and showed a dead loop no height 500
600 height 999 and we do the loop
something smells of trouble
blyat fucked a bit like that
means that everything goes well yes for for I
don't think that not only stands up
kicks up for down and flies happy with
helicopter plane he's right now years
focus engine that is worse than we
won
sir good job here's up